[RNMobile] Add improvements to the contributors docs (#30195)
WordPress/gutenberg: docs/contributors/code/native-mobile.md

Intertwined with the web codepaths, the Gutenberg repo also includes the [React Native](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/) based mobile tree.

## Mind the mobile

> Our tooling isn't as good yet as we'd like to and it's hard to have a good awareness of those native mobile files. That means that contributors need to manually pay attention to update the native mobile files during code refactorings. For example, renaming a function or a prop should also be performed in the native modules too, otherwise, the mobile client will break. We have added some mobile specific CI tests as safeguards in place in PRs, but we're still far from done. Please bear with us and thank you in advance. ❤️🙇‍

Reviewer: What about moving the disclaimer about our tooling not being great yet so it isn't the start here. This way the most important part comes first.

```suggestion
Contributors need to ensure that they update any affected native mobile files during code refactorings because we cannot yet rely on automated tooling to do this for us. For example, renaming a function or a prop should also be performed in the native modules too, otherwise, the mobile client will break. We have added some mobile specific CI tests as safeguards in place in PRs, but we're still far from done. Please bear with us and thank you in advance. ❤️🙇‍
```

Author: Good idea, it doesn't look too good to start the section with `Our tooling isn't as good yet as we'd like` 😄 .

> The majority of the code shared with native mobile is in the very same JavaScript module and SASS style files. In the cases where the code paths need to diverge, a `.native.js` or `.native.scss` variant of the file is created. In some cases, platform specific files can be also found for Android (`.android.js`) or iOS (`.ios.js`).

Reviewer: I would move this `Native mobile specific files` section to be the second section because it seems to me that this is information that is going to be important for more people compared to actually running Android and iOS. wdyt?

Author: I agree, I think it's better that the first information we display explains how the mobile related code fits in the project, this gives a quick overall vision. The instructions for running and testing should go afterwards. 

I applied this change in this [commit](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/30195/commits/f01c9821bab2b3ac595967dd894b25accc06f70f).
